README.md, before:

[![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot-template-project/badges/develop/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot-template-project/-/commits/develop)

<!-- Start sections that may be removed after forking this repository -->
<hr/>

# taproot-template-project


This is a blank project fully configured for use of [Taproot](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot).
It is designed to be a starting point for your own RoboMaster software projects. Be sure to check
out Taproot for more information.

This template includes the following:
- Code generated from the `taproot` and `modm` repositories. This generated code is located in
  `/template-project/taproot` and includes the hardware abstraction layer provided by
  [modm](modm.io) as well as Taproot library code that sits on top of modm.

  See [here](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Code-Generation-in-User-Projects) for
  more information on code generation.
- A `.vscode` folder with C++ configurations for developing in a simulated, test, and hardware
  environment. This also includes convenient VS Code tasks for building code and debug launch
  configuration for debugging the simulated, test, or hardware environment.
- A [Doxygen](https://www.doxygen.nl/index.html) document generation configuration that renders a
  documentation webpage sourced from commented code.
- Various [linting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lint_(software)) scripts that are used for
  maintaining high quality source code.
- A [clang format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html) configuration (see
  `.clang-format`). This should be configured based on user preferences.
- Build scripts supporting configurable target profiles, including environment (simulator, tests,
  hardware) and robot type (Standard, Hero, etc.).
- A basic GitLab Continuous Integration (CI) Pipeline that lints the source code, builds all
  targets, and runs your tests (see `.gitlab-ci.yml`).
- Instructions and a configuration file for deploying your software to hardware via the command
  line.

## Usage of the template

This project is provided to reduce the configuration overhead when adopting Taproot. We recommend
creating a new blank GitLab project and pushing the history of this repository there. This will be
similar to a fork, but omit the "forked from..." badge, which you likely don't want.

Assuming your new project is at `https://gitlab.com/my-team/my-amazing-project`, the setup process
is as follows:

```bash
git clone --recursive https://gitlab.com/my-team/my-amazing-project.git
cd my-amazing-project
git remote add template https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot-template-project.git
git pull template develop
# replace "main" with your main branch name of choice
git push --set-upstream origin main
```

If you visit the project's GitLab page, starter files should be present and GitLab will likely have
kicked off a Continuous Integration (CI) Pipeline, indicated by the blue "waiting" icon or a green
"checkmark".

### Configuring your new project

By using this template, your project will start out with a fully-functional Taproot instance and
build tools. The provided `main.cpp` (`/template-project/src/main.cpp`) includes initialization of
all core systems and drivers. This should allow you to develop control systems starting day one.

_Note: [Issue #3](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot-template-project/-/issues/3) tracks the
desire to automate the below process. Let us know about your experiences there._

To get started, we suggest using Visual Studio Code to perform a find-and-replace across all files,
swapping your own project name in place of `template-project`. Furthermore, rename the directory
`/template-project` accordingly. Feel free to call it the same name as your repo.

You should also update the license headers in your project. The above find-and-replace should have
updated the project name references. However, you will also want to update the copyright line of
each header:

```
Copyright (c) 2020-2021 Advanced Robotics at the University of Washington <robomstr@uw.edu>
```

To refer to your own team, year and email. Do so in all template source files, **excluding files in
`**/taproot`**. Also update `scripts/check_license_headers.py` accordingly.

> **A note on copyright headers:**
> The above suggestions regarding copyright headers are purely for your convenience. You are free to
> decide how you would like to manage these, including omitting the license headers entirely if
> preferred, so long as you abide by the original license terms of the files. You may opt to disable
> the automated license header check; do so by removing the below line from `.gitlab-ci.yml`:
> ```yaml
>     - python3 ./scripts/check_license_headers.py
> ```

To start developing software, place your source code in `/template-project/src` and your tests in
`/template-project/test`. See the [workflow guide](#workflow-guide) for how to build, test, and
deploy your code.

Finally, after you are done with it, we recommend removing the portion of this README between
`<!-- ... -->` comments. The rest of the file is intended to provide a starting point for your team.

### (Optional) Using the RoboMaster Development Board Type C

By default, this project targets the RoboMaster Development Board Type A. However, Taproot also
supports the newer Type C board. If you would like to use this board instead (replace
`template-project` with the new name if it has been renamed):

1. Commit any work so you don't lose it
1. Edit `template-project/project.xml` according to the included comment
1. Run `rm -r template-project/taproot`
1. Run `cd template-project` and then `lbuild build`
1. Commit the result: `git add . && git commit -m "Target RM Dev Board Type C"`

## Contacting

If you have any questions please contact us at robomstr@uw.edu.

## Licensing

taproot-template-project is covered under the GPL-3.0-or-later with the following exceptions:
- `/taproot/modm` and `/template-project/taproot/modm` are licensed under MPL 2.0 by the modm
  project. We _are not_ the license holder for these files. See `/modm/LICENSE` for license
  information.
- `/template-project/taproot/src/taproot/algorithms/MahonyAHRS.h` and
  `/template-project/taproot/src/taproot/algorithms/MahonyAHRS.cpp` are licensed under the GPL by
  SOH Madgwick. The repo containing this code can be found
  [here](https://github.com/uw-advanced-robotics/MahonyAHRS).

Other RoboMaster teams are invited, and encouraged, to utilize this library. We have licensed this
template project and Taproot under the GPL to encourage collaboration and open publishing of
RoboMaster controls codebases. **We politely request that other teams choosing to utilize this
library, or parts of it (including its design), open-source their own code in turn.**

<hr/>
<!-- End sections that may be removed after forking this repository -->

## Resources

- **The [Taproot wiki](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/home). It has lots of content and we strongly recommend you browse through it to get a sense of
  what's there.**
- [aruw-edu](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/aruw-edu): a hands-on tutorial for building robot code with Taproot
- [aruw-mcb](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/aruw-mcb), ARUW's full robot code project available for reference
- The [generated API documentation for Taproot](https://aruw.gitlab.io/controls/taproot/)
- The [modm website](https://modm.io/) and associated documentation

## New user guide

### Setting up a development environment

If you want the easiest setup experience and **_do not_ require deploying code to hardware**,
consider developing within the provided [Docker container](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Docker-Container-Setup).

Otherwise, follow the guide appropriate for your operating system.
- Linux
  - Debian: https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Debian-Linux-Setup
  - Fedora: https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Fedora-Linux-Setup
  - Other: follow one of the above guides, substituting your distribution's package names in place
    of Debian or Fedora packages.
- macOS: https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/macOS-Setup
- Windows: https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Windows-Setup

Finally, install `pipenv` and set up the build tools:

```
pip3 install pipenv
cd template-project/
pipenv install
```

### Getting started with this repo

_Make sure you have followed the above setup instructions._

Run the following to clone this repository:

```
git clone --recursive https://gitlab.com/my-team/my-amazing-project.git
```

If you use the Docker container, or have already cloned the repository yourself, you should instead
run:

```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

Now, `cd` into the project directory, activate the virtualenv, and run some builds:

```
cd my-amazing-project/template-project
pipenv shell
# Build for hardware
scons build
# Run automated tests
scons run-tests
```

### Returning to the development environment

**You will need to run `pipenv shell` from this directory _every time_ you open a new terminal,
before using `scons` or `lbuild`.**

## Workflow guide

### Getting around VSCode

Microsoft provides a [helpful
website](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/tips-and-tricks) with a number of shortcuts
for getting around VSCode. There are many shortcuts that make programming faster.

### Building code and programming the RoboMaster Development Board

_If you would like to use the terminal instead, see the section "Building and running via the
terminal" below._

1. Make sure you have VSCode opened in the folder `taproot-template-project` (**not
   `template-project`**)
2. Connect an ST-Link to the RoboMaster Development Board and your computer.
3. In VSCode, open the Command Palette (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd>)
4. Find `Tasks: Run Task`. You should see the options below. Select `Program - Debug` or `Program -
   Release`.<br><br>
    <img
    src=https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/aruw-mcb/uploads/2ffb02c86387916c2c49ac3548151b38/image.png
    height="200px" />

### Debugging with an ST-Link

1. Open the folder `aruw-template-project` in VSCode. Hit the debug tab on the left side or type
   <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd>.
2. Hit the green play arrow on the left top of the screen.
3. See [this
   page](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Software-Tools/Debugging-With-STLink) for
   more information about using the ST-Link for programming the MCB and debugging. <br>
   <img
   src=https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/aruw-mcb/uploads/1f62ea310a20ee76092fe18de83d14a7/image.png
   height="400px" />

### Debugging with a J-Link

See the [wiki](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Software-Tools/Debugging-With-JLink)
for an explanation on the difference between an ST-Link and J-Link and a step-by-step procedure on
how to use the J-Link.

### Selecting and using robot types

Specify the robot type via the command line when compiling (see
[below](#building-and-running-via-the-terminal)). For vscode IntelliSense, navigate to
`/template-project/robot-type/robot_type.hpp` and change the macro defined in this file.

Each robot is signified by a unique macro which can be checked to special-case code:

```c++
#if defined(TARGET_STANDARD)
// Only included if building for the Standard
initializeStandard();
#endif
```

### How to select an appropriate VSCode C/C++ configuration

This codebase has a number of different build targets (see [this wiki
page](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Build-Targets-Overview) for more
information). Because the build setup is different for the test, sim, and RoboMaster Development
Board (aka MCB) environments, while working on a particular portion of code you may select an
appropriate profile that provides optimal
[intellisense](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense). To select a configuration,
in VSCode, type <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd>, then type "C/C++:Select a
Configuration" and hit enter. A dropdown menu will appear where you may choose either the "Test",
"Sim", or "Hardware" configuration.

### Upgrading Taproot

The Taproot project recommends that user projects occasionally upgrade the version of
Taproot that they depend on. The guide for doing so is
[here](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Upgrading-a-Taproot-project). 

## Building and running via the terminal

The below commands require that your working directory is `/template-project` (where the
`SConstruct` and `project.xml` files are).

- `lbuild build`: Re-generates out copy of `taproot` and `modm`.
- `scons build`: Builds the firmware image for the hardware target. Creates a "release" folder located in `build/hardware/` which contains the final `.elf` file as well as the intermediate object files (`.o`).
- `scons build-tests`: Builds a program which hosts our unit tests. This executable can be run on your host computer (only supported on Linux) and prints results for each unit test run.
- `scons run`: Builds as with `scons build` and then programs the board.
- `scons run-tests`: Builds and runs the unit test program.
- `scons size`: Prints statistics on program size and (statically-)allocated memory. Note that the reported available heap space is an upper bound, and this tool has no way of knowing about the real size of dynamic allocations.

Below is the full usage statement from our scons build environment. Note that you can select the
robot, profile, or whether or not you want profiling to be on using the various options.

```
Usage: scons <target> [profile=<debug|release|fast>] [robot=TARGET_<ROBOT_TYPE>] [profiling=<true|false>]
    "<target>" is one of:
        - "build": build all code for the hardware platform.
        - "run": build all code for the hardware platform, and deploy it to the board via a connected ST-Link.
        - "build-tests": build core code and tests for the current host platform.
        - "run-tests": build core code and tests for the current host platform, and execute them locally with the test runner.
        - "run-tests-gcov": builds core code and tests, executes them locally, and captures and prints code coverage information
        - "build-sim": build all code for the simulated environment, for the current host platform.
        - "run-sim": build all code for the simulated environment, for the current host platform, and execute the simulator locally.
    "TARGET_<ROBOT_TYPE>" is an optional argument that can override whatever robot type has been specified in robot_type.hpp.
        - <ROBOT_TYPE> must be one of the following:
            - STANDARD, DRONE, ENGINEER, SENTRY, HERO:
```

Commit message:

add rename template project script

README.md, after:

[![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot-template-project/badges/develop/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot-template-project/-/commits/develop)

<!-- Start sections that may be removed after forking this repository -->
<hr/>

# taproot-template-project


This is a blank project fully configured for use of [Taproot](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot).
It is designed to be a starting point for your own RoboMaster software projects. Be sure to check
out Taproot for more information.

This template includes the following:
- Code generated from the `taproot` and `modm` repositories. This generated code is located in
  `/template-project/taproot` and includes the hardware abstraction layer provided by
  [modm](modm.io) as well as Taproot library code that sits on top of modm.

  See [here](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Code-Generation-in-User-Projects) for
  more information on code generation.
- A `.vscode` folder with C++ configurations for developing in a simulated, test, and hardware
  environment. This also includes convenient VS Code tasks for building code and debug launch
  configuration for debugging the simulated, test, or hardware environment.
- A [Doxygen](https://www.doxygen.nl/index.html) document generation configuration that renders a
  documentation webpage sourced from commented code.
- Various [linting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lint_(software)) scripts that are used for
  maintaining high quality source code.
- A [clang format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html) configuration (see
  `.clang-format`). This should be configured based on user preferences.
- Build scripts supporting configurable target profiles, including environment (simulator, tests,
  hardware) and robot type (Standard, Hero, etc.).
- A basic GitLab Continuous Integration (CI) Pipeline that lints the source code, builds all
  targets, and runs your tests (see `.gitlab-ci.yml`).
- Instructions and a configuration file for deploying your software to hardware via the command
  line.

## Usage of the template

This project is provided to reduce the configuration overhead when adopting Taproot. We recommend
creating a new blank GitLab project and pushing the history of this repository there. This will be
similar to a fork, but omit the "forked from..." badge, which you likely don't want.

Assuming your new project is at `https://gitlab.com/my-team/my-amazing-project`, the setup process
is as follows:

```bash
git clone --recursive https://gitlab.com/my-team/my-amazing-project.git
cd my-amazing-project
git remote add template https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot-template-project.git
git pull template develop
# replace "main" with your main branch name of choice
git push --set-upstream origin main
```

If you visit the project's GitLab page, starter files should be present and GitLab will likely have
kicked off a Continuous Integration (CI) Pipeline, indicated by the blue "waiting" icon or a green
"checkmark".

### Configuring your new project

By using this template, your project will start out with a fully-functional Taproot instance and
build tools. The provided `main.cpp` (`/template-project/src/main.cpp`) includes initialization of
all core systems and drivers. This should allow you to develop control systems starting day one.

To automatically configure your project, you should run the python script
`rename_template_project.py`. This script takes a couple arguments, the name of your repository
(for example, `aruw-mcb`) and the name of your team (used for updating copyright headers). This
script will rename the project for you with the given name. Once you have run this script, you may
delete it.

To refer to your own team, year and email. Do so in all template source files, **excluding files in
`**/taproot`**. Also update `scripts/check_license_headers.py` accordingly.

> **A note on copyright headers:**
> The above suggestions regarding copyright headers are purely for your convenience. You are free to
> decide how you would like to manage these, including omitting the license headers entirely if
> preferred, so long as you abide by the original license terms of the files. You may opt to disable
> the automated license header check; do so by removing the below line from `.gitlab-ci.yml`:
> ```yaml
>     - python3 ./scripts/check_license_headers.py
> ```

To start developing software, place your source code in `/template-project/src` and your tests in
`/template-project/test`. See the [workflow guide](#workflow-guide) for how to build, test, and
deploy your code.

Finally, after you are done with it, we recommend removing the portion of this README between
`<!-- ... -->` comments. The rest of the file is intended to provide a starting point for your team.

### (Optional) Using the RoboMaster Development Board Type C

By default, this project targets the RoboMaster Development Board Type A. However, Taproot also
supports the newer Type C board. If you would like to use this board instead (replace
`template-project` with the new name if it has been renamed):

1. Commit any work so you don't lose it
1. Edit `template-project/project.xml` according to the included comment
1. Run `rm -r template-project/taproot`
1. Run `cd template-project` and then `lbuild build`
1. Commit the result: `git add . && git commit -m "Target RM Dev Board Type C"`

## Contacting

If you have any questions please contact us at robomstr@uw.edu.

## Licensing

taproot-template-project is covered under the GPL-3.0-or-later with the following exceptions:
- `/taproot/modm` and `/template-project/taproot/modm` are licensed under MPL 2.0 by the modm
  project. We _are not_ the license holder for these files. See `/modm/LICENSE` for license
  information.
- `/template-project/taproot/src/taproot/algorithms/MahonyAHRS.h` and
  `/template-project/taproot/src/taproot/algorithms/MahonyAHRS.cpp` are licensed under the GPL by
  SOH Madgwick. The repo containing this code can be found
  [here](https://github.com/uw-advanced-robotics/MahonyAHRS).

Other RoboMaster teams are invited, and encouraged, to utilize this library. We have licensed this
template project and Taproot under the GPL to encourage collaboration and open publishing of
RoboMaster controls codebases. **We politely request that other teams choosing to utilize this
library, or parts of it (including its design), open-source their own code in turn.**

<hr/>
<!-- End sections that may be removed after forking this repository -->

## Resources

- **The [Taproot wiki](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/home). It has lots of content and we strongly recommend you browse through it to get a sense of
  what's there.**
- [aruw-edu](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/aruw-edu): a hands-on tutorial for building robot code with Taproot
- [aruw-mcb](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/aruw-mcb), ARUW's full robot code project available for reference
- The [generated API documentation for Taproot](https://aruw.gitlab.io/controls/taproot/)
- The [modm website](https://modm.io/) and associated documentation

## New user guide

### Setting up a development environment

If you want the easiest setup experience and **_do not_ require deploying code to hardware**,
consider developing within the provided [Docker container](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Docker-Container-Setup).

Otherwise, follow the guide appropriate for your operating system.
- Linux
  - Debian: https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Debian-Linux-Setup
  - Fedora: https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Fedora-Linux-Setup
  - Other: follow one of the above guides, substituting your distribution's package names in place
    of Debian or Fedora packages.
- macOS: https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/macOS-Setup
- Windows: https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Windows-Setup

Finally, install `pipenv` and set up the build tools:

```
pip3 install pipenv
cd template-project/
pipenv install
```

### Getting started with this repo

_Make sure you have followed the above setup instructions._

Run the following to clone this repository:

```
git clone --recursive https://gitlab.com/my-team/my-amazing-project.git
```

If you use the Docker container, or have already cloned the repository yourself, you should instead
run:

```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

Now, `cd` into the project directory, activate the virtualenv, and run some builds:

```
cd my-amazing-project/template-project
pipenv shell
# Build for hardware
scons build
# Run automated tests
scons run-tests
```

### Returning to the development environment

**You will need to run `pipenv shell` from this directory _every time_ you open a new terminal,
before using `scons` or `lbuild`.**

## Workflow guide

### Getting around VSCode

Microsoft provides a [helpful
website](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/tips-and-tricks) with a number of shortcuts
for getting around VSCode. There are many shortcuts that make programming faster.

### Building code and programming the RoboMaster Development Board

_If you would like to use the terminal instead, see the section "Building and running via the
terminal" below._

1. Make sure you have VSCode opened in the folder `taproot-template-project` (**not
   `template-project`**)
2. Connect an ST-Link to the RoboMaster Development Board and your computer.
3. In VSCode, open the Command Palette (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd>)
4. Find `Tasks: Run Task`. You should see the options below. Select `Program - Debug` or `Program -
   Release`.<br><br>
    <img
    src=https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/aruw-mcb/uploads/2ffb02c86387916c2c49ac3548151b38/image.png
    height="200px" />

### Debugging with an ST-Link

1. Open the folder `aruw-template-project` in VSCode. Hit the debug tab on the left side or type
   <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd>.
2. Hit the green play arrow on the left top of the screen.
3. See [this
   page](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Software-Tools/Debugging-With-STLink) for
   more information about using the ST-Link for programming the MCB and debugging. <br>
   <img
   src=https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/aruw-mcb/uploads/1f62ea310a20ee76092fe18de83d14a7/image.png
   height="400px" />

### Debugging with a J-Link

See the [wiki](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Software-Tools/Debugging-With-JLink)
for an explanation on the difference between an ST-Link and J-Link and a step-by-step procedure on
how to use the J-Link.

### Selecting and using robot types

Specify the robot type via the command line when compiling (see
[below](#building-and-running-via-the-terminal)). For vscode IntelliSense, navigate to
`/template-project/robot-type/robot_type.hpp` and change the macro defined in this file.

Each robot is signified by a unique macro which can be checked to special-case code:

```c++
#if defined(TARGET_STANDARD)
// Only included if building for the Standard
initializeStandard();
#endif
```

### How to select an appropriate VSCode C/C++ configuration

This codebase has a number of different build targets (see [this wiki
page](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Build-Targets-Overview) for more
information). Because the build setup is different for the test, sim, and RoboMaster Development
Board (aka MCB) environments, while working on a particular portion of code you may select an
appropriate profile that provides optimal
[intellisense](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense). To select a configuration,
in VSCode, type <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd>, then type "C/C++:Select a
Configuration" and hit enter. A dropdown menu will appear where you may choose either the "Test",
"Sim", or "Hardware" configuration.

### Upgrading Taproot

The Taproot project recommends that user projects occasionally upgrade the version of
Taproot that they depend on. The guide for doing so is
[here](https://gitlab.com/aruw/controls/taproot/-/wikis/Upgrading-a-Taproot-project). 

## Building and running via the terminal

The below commands require that your working directory is `/template-project` (where the
`SConstruct` and `project.xml` files are).

- `lbuild build`: Re-generates out copy of `taproot` and `modm`.
- `scons build`: Builds the firmware image for the hardware target. Creates a "release" folder located in `build/hardware/` which contains the final `.elf` file as well as the intermediate object files (`.o`).
- `scons build-tests`: Builds a program which hosts our unit tests. This executable can be run on your host computer (only supported on Linux) and prints results for each unit test run.
- `scons run`: Builds as with `scons build` and then programs the board.
- `scons run-tests`: Builds and runs the unit test program.
- `scons size`: Prints statistics on program size and (statically-)allocated memory. Note that the reported available heap space is an upper bound, and this tool has no way of knowing about the real size of dynamic allocations.

Below is the full usage statement from our scons build environment. Note that you can select the
robot, profile, or whether or not you want profiling to be on using the various options.

```
Usage: scons <target> [profile=<debug|release|fast>] [robot=TARGET_<ROBOT_TYPE>] [profiling=<true|false>]
    "<target>" is one of:
        - "build": build all code for the hardware platform.
        - "run": build all code for the hardware platform, and deploy it to the board via a connected ST-Link.
        - "build-tests": build core code and tests for the current host platform.
        - "run-tests": build core code and tests for the current host platform, and execute them locally with the test runner.
        - "run-tests-gcov": builds core code and tests, executes them locally, and captures and prints code coverage information
        - "build-sim": build all code for the simulated environment, for the current host platform.
        - "run-sim": build all code for the simulated environment, for the current host platform, and execute the simulator locally.
    "TARGET_<ROBOT_TYPE>" is an optional argument that can override whatever robot type has been specified in robot_type.hpp.
        - <ROBOT_TYPE> must be one of the following:
            - STANDARD, DRONE, ENGINEER, SENTRY, HERO:
```
